https://codepen.io/Dumars/pen/GRpyzqm?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Html that gives meaning to out content.

    2. What is HTML used for?
    For creating electronic documents to be displayed on the internet

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    With a link.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is a heading tag and can vary from sizes h1 to h6.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    href and src.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    The title for our website and a navagation system for the website aswell.


    7. What is an id?
    A global attribute.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    All html elements.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    Once

    10. What is a class? 
    An attribute used to define equal styles for more than one element with the same class name.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any html element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    There is no technical limmit to how many classes you can have.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Add "target="_black"" to your anchor tags.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    alternative information for an image if for some reason the user can't view the proper image.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #example{
        font-size: 30px;
    }

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Sections defines sections in a document and div defines divisions in an html document.

    17. What is CSS used for?
    CSS is used to define styles on your webpage.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{ font-size: 30px }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class is a name preceded by a period and an id is name preceded by a hash character
    An id can only be used on one element while a class can be used on more than one.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .example{ font-size: 30px }

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human{ font-size: 30px }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    a {
        color: blue;
    }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A selector that selects elements that are in a specific state

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    example{ line-height: normal; }

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    example{ letter-spacing: normal; }

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    example{
        text-transform: uppercase;
        text-transform: lowercase;
        text-transform: capitalize;
    }

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    example {
        border: dotted #000000 1px;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {
        color: green;
        background: black;
    }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* This a comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    $ pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    $ ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    $ rm 
    When you delete it on the command line it's gone forever

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    It's great for checking previous versions of your work, even when alone

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Very often

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    $ git push -u origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    create your own version of the repo by forking it making sure that it's your-name/project name
    Next add your TL as a collaborator 
    Then clone the repo by getting the link
    Then use the same link in the command line
    Next create a branch of your own firstname-lastname
    Then add commit and push your changes 
    Then use your fork as a base-fork
    Add your TL as a reviewer 
    Then you're ready to turn in your work

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?